# cpprex
A C++ implementation of Redux

## Building

### Building this library

You will need to have available a building stack including at least any compiler (gcc or msvc, preferably), cmake, and conan, and so, the software build essentials of your OS. Then just clone this repository and you can easily build with this command:

```sh
$ cd path/to/cpprex && \
  mkdir build && cd build && cmake .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug && make
```

**Note: this command was only ran on Bash at the time. It may vary according to your command line.**

**Note: release build type is not configured at the time yet.**

If everything goes fine, you might have these files in your build directory: `./bin/test_cpprex` and `./lib/libcpprex_.a`. These, asides the ones generated by cmake and conan. If so, you can test the build by running `ctest`. (On sources from stable branches should pass all tests.)

### Building a project with this library

If you want to link this library to a project for usage, you may need to first build separately this project as the prior guidelines remarks. We recommend putting the library source code and binaries at `./deps/cpprex` relative directory of your application project source code directory. Make use of [Git submodules](https://gist.github.com/gitaarik/8735255) for integrate the source code of this repository into yours, and keep linked for future upgrades.

First you need to set up your CMake configuration. Start adding these rules in your project's `CMakeLists.txt` file:

```cmake
# The minimum required version of CMake for this library is 3.10,
# so you project should too.
cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.10)

# CppRex library uses C++17 Standards, make sure your project too.
set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD 17)
set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_REQUIRED ON)

# You can put the cpprex wherever you want, but this is where we do.
set(CPPREX_DIR deps/cpprex)

#
# ... Your project's rules
#

# Then finally link CppRex:
add_subdirectory(${CPPREX_DIR})

target_link_libraries(YOUR_PROJECT_NAME cpprex)
```

Then run this command:

```sh
$ cd path/to/your/project/source/code && \
  mkdir build && cd build && cmake .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug && make
```

**Note: this command was only ran on Bash at the time. It may vary according to your command line.**

**Note: release build type is not configured for the CppRex library at the time yet.**
